.TH "BSOPACK" "1" "bsopack" "21 January 2008" "Husky - Portable Fidonet Software"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
BSOpack \- Packs outgoing Netmails into Arcmail bundles.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B bsopack
[\-d] [\-q] [\-c fidoconfig] [\-h|\-\-help]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
BSOpack is used to pack outgoing plain netmail (*.?ut) to arcmail bundles (*.?lo) for links.
.br 
This program is part of the HUSKY package and it uses common husky config (fidoconfig).
.SH "OPTIONS"
.SS \-c fidoconfig
Specify alternate fidoconfig (husky configuration) file.
.br 
.SS \-q
Supress screen output.
.br 
.SS \-d
Enable debug output to screen.
.br 
.SS \-h
.SS \-\-help
Output small help into screen.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.SS \fB0\fR
All fine
.SS \fB255\fR or \fB65535\fR
Error detected. See log file or screen output (if enabled) for details.
.SH "HOW IT WORKS"
At first it checks fidoconfig: if packNetmail for the link is on and if a packer is defined. Next it checks if this link is not busy. Then it searches for *.?ut files in the outbound. 
If the size of all found *.?ut is greater than maxUnpackedNetmail, these files
will be renamed to *.pkt (using tempOutbound if this token is specified in fidoconfig)
and put resulted *.pkt into an arcmail bundle. So, your mail should never be lost.
.br 
If any error occurs (and *pkt rested into tempOutbound), a "hpt scan" command will find
this packet and (if this packet is for a link listed in fidoconfig) pack it into a bundle
with echomail. The packet will be added to the most recently used bundle until the size
of the bundle is greater than 'arcmailSize' for the link. If you specify
'bundleNameStyle addrDiff' your netmail will be packed together with echomail. Each flavour
is processed independently. It creates bundle names using an algorithm of two addresses
differences.
.br 
The log file 'bsopack.log' is placed into 'logFileDir'.

.SH "NOTES"
All Husky\-Software is written by various developers. For detailed information
about the Husky\-Team take a look at 
http://husky.sourceforge.net/team.html.

.SH "AUTHOR"
This manual page was initially written by Joerg Jaspert (JJ) <joerg@goliathbbs.dnsalias.net>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
