\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename bsopack.info
@settitle BSOpack Manual
@set VERSION 0.1
@setchapternewpage odd
@c %**end of header

@ifinfo
This file documents BSOpack @value{VERSION}.

@end ifinfo

@ifhtml
This file documents BSOpack @value{VERSION}.

@end ifhtml

@titlepage
@title BSOpack @value{VERSION} Manual
@author Dmitry Sergienko

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2000-2001 Dmitry Sergienko 

@end titlepage

@ifinfo

@dircategory Fidonet Software
@direntry
* BSOpack: (bsopack).	Binkley-Style outbound netmail packer.
@end direntry

@node Top, , , (dir)
@top bsopack

This document applies to version @value{VERSION} of BSOpack.

@end ifinfo

@ifhtml

@dircategory Fidonet Software
@direntry
* BSOpack: (bsopack).	Binkley-Style outbound netmail packer.
@end direntry

@node Top, , , (dir)
@top bsopack

This document applies to version @value{VERSION} of BSOpack.

@end ifhtml

@menu
* Introduction::  
* FidoConfig::   
* Command line switches::       
* How this program works::    
* Feedback::       
@end menu

@node Introduction, FidoConfig, Top, Top
@chapter Introdusing BSOpack
BSOpack is used to pack outgoing netmail for links. It is a part of
@emph{HUSKY} project and requires its files.
You should use @code{fidoconfig 0.10c} or more recent. If you don't have these 
packages, download them from @url{http://husky.physcip.uni-stuttgart.de/}


@node FidoConfig, Command line switches, Introduction, Top
@chapter FidoConfig keywords and configuration

@menu
* packNetmail::
* maxUnpackedNetmail::
* sample::
@end menu

@node packNetmail, maxUnpackedNetmail, FidoConfig, FidoConfig
@section packNetmail
@table @asis
@item Syntax:
@code{packNetmail <bool>}
@item Example:
@code{packNetmail on}
@item Default: 
@code{packNetmail off}
@end table

      Determines if you want to pack outgoing netmail for this link.
Used only in link definition.

Attention: If you use @code{packNetmail on} - you must define a packer for this
link.

This statement can only be repeated for different links.
                

@node maxUnpackedNetmail, sample, packNetmail, FidoConfig
@section maxUnpackedNetmail
@table @asis
@item Syntax:
@code{maxUnpackedNetmail <integer>}
@item Example:
@code{maxUnpackedNetmail 0}
@item Default:
@code{maxUnpackedNetmail 20}
@end table

      Determines how much unpacked netmail in kilobytes we should leave for 
this link. If we have more outgoing netmail - it will be packed into bundles.
You also can have packed & unpacked netmail in your outbound
simultaneously - packet, which had had size more than @code{maxUnpackedNetmail}
was packed into bundle and new packed with size less than
@code{maxUnpackedNetmail} was created.
If you select 0 kb - all netmail will be packed.
                                                
@node sample, , maxUnpackedNetmail, FidoConfig
@section Sample link definition

@example
Link            Dmitry Sergienko
AKA             2:464/910
ourAka          2:464/910.1
Password        xxxxxxxx
autoAreaCreate  on
autoFileCreate  on
forwardRequests on
AutoAreaCreateDefaults -p 14 -dupeCheck move -dupeHistory 11
Packer          zip
allowEmptyPktPwd on
packNetmail on
maxUnpackedNetmail 0
@end example

@node Command line switches, How this program works, FidoConfig, Top
@chapter Command line switches
@table @asis
@item Usage:
@code{bsopack [-c fidconfig] [options]}
@item Options:
@code{-q}  Quiet mode (ignoring screenLogLevels in fidoconfig)
@item
@code{-h}  Help screen
@item
@code{--help} The same as @code{-h}
@item Example:
@code{bsopack -qc /etc/fido/config}
@end table                        

@node How this program works, Feedback, Command line switches, Top
@chapter How this program works

At first it checks if @code{packNetmail} for link is on, this link is not busy
and a packer is defined. Then it searches for *.?ut files in the outbound. If
the size of all found *.?ut is greater than maxUnpackedNetmail, these files 
will be renamed to *.pkt (using @code{tempOutbound} token) and put into an 
arcmail bundle. Thus, your mail should never be lost. If any error occurs hpt
scan will find this packet and (if this packet is for a link listed in
fidoconfig) pack it into a bundle with echomail. The packet will be added to
the most recently used bundle until the size of the bundle is more than 
@code{arcmailSize} for the link. 
If you select @code{bundleNameStyle addrDiff} your netmail will be
packed together with echomail. Each flavour is processed independently.
It creates bundle names using an algorithm of two addresses differences.
The log file @code{bsopack.log} is located in @code{logFileDir} directory.

Thanx to Kees Bergwerf <c.bergwerf@@hccnet.nl> for OS/2 porting.
Thanx to Oleg W Levchenko (2:6035/6) for testing.
Thanx to Max Chernogor (2:464/108) for MSVC compiler support.


@node Feedback, , How this program works, Top
@chapter Contacting the author

@table @asis
@item Author:
@code{Dmitry Sergienko}
@item E-mail:
@email{trooper@@mail.unity.net}
@item FidoNet: 
@code{2:464/910}
@item ICQ:
@code{38304000}
@end table

FidoNet conferences:

@example
ru.husky (Russian)
fidosoft.husky (English)
@end example

@bye
